* 11/24/18; 11:48:23 AM by DW   * Added new feature to the home page of likes.scripting.com showing the most-liked items in descending order. A new corresponding enpoint was implemented in the server, /toplikes. Documented it as the fourth endpoint of the Likes server.* 11/23/18; 11:16:51 AM by DW   * Changed the name at the top of the readme to Likes. The software internally refers to itself as nodeLikes. It's awkward in other places and since there is no NPM package for this software, unnecessary. I would like to call it Web-Likes to refect its a connection to the open web.   * Added docs for the /mylikes call, and fixed the docs for /toggle. It said you needed an accessToken, this was shorthand for the two bits of info that make up a token. I made that clearer for both /toggle and /mylikes.   * I also added a new element to the Source namespace, source:likes, which provides the URL of a Likes server for a feed reader to hook into.* 11/18/18; 9:51:25 AM by DW   * Next up      * Add link to Like URL in the RSS feed for Scripting News, with a note explaining how a reader could interpret it if they want to.* 11/17/18; 11:06:04 AM by DW   * v0.4.8      * remove dependency on daves3, we don't actually use it.      * change value of config.urlServerHomePageSource to point to the new version of the home page for the likes server.       * likes server returns a favicon   * a page that shows me the URLs of things I liked      * the home page of likes.scripting.com      * the new home page is <a href="http://scripting.com/code/nodelikes/serverhomepage/">here</a>.       * need a bit of extra room to add some code to it.       * it's no longer just a placeholder.* 11/16/18; 11:25:28 AM by DW   * Make it so that accessing / on a likes server returns something.        * I have it configured to return <a href="http://scripting.com/code/nodelikes/myhomepage.html">this HTML</a>, but it can be changed in config.json.   * Wrote <a href="https://github.com/scripting/likes#api-for-the-node-app">docs</a> for the API for the Node app.   * Announced on <a href="http://scripting.com/2018/11/16.html">Scripting News</a>.* 11/15/18; 3:03:01 PM by DW   * Getting first public release ready.   * work on &lt;head> section of the demo app, reduce the number of dependencies to a minimul